added documentation for importing + updated exporting (#498)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major11/11.2.0/valtimo-backend-libraries.md

  Case definitions can now be exported as an archive, containing all process definitions, forms, form flows,
  process links and the document definition that make up the case definition. See 
  [this page](/using-valtimo/case/exporting-case-definitions.md#export) for more information.

* **Import case definitions**

>   Case definitions can now be imported from an archive, containing all process definitions, forms, form flows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Case definitions can now be imported from a ZIP archive, containing all process definitions, forms, form flows,
```
